updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16673)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/hosting-workflow-services.md

ms.assetid: 2d55217e-8697-4113-94ce-10b60863342e
---
# Hosting Workflow Services

> A workflow service must be hosted for it to respond to incoming messages. Workflow services use the WCF messaging infrastructure and are therefore hosted in similar ways. Like WCF services, workflow services can be hosted in any managed application, under Internet Information Services (IIS), or under Windows Process Activation Services (WAS). In addition, workflow services can be hosted under Windows Server App Fabric. For more information about Windows Server App Fabric see [Windows Server App Fabric documentation](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/aa139632.aspx), [AppFabric Hosting Features](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ee677189(v=azure.10)), and [AppFabric Hosting Concepts](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ee677371(v=azure.10)). For more information about the various ways to host WCF services see [Hosting Services](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/hosting-services.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A workflow service must be hosted for it to respond to incoming messages. Workflow services use the WCF messaging infrastructure and are therefore hosted in similar ways. Like WCF services, workflow services can be hosted in any managed application, under Internet Information Services (IIS), or under Windows Process Activation Services (WAS). In addition, workflow services can be hosted under Windows Server App Fabric. For more information about Windows Server App Fabric see [Windows Server App Fabric documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ff384253(v=azure.10)), [AppFabric Hosting Features](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ee677189(v=azure.10)), and [AppFabric Hosting Concepts](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ee677371(v=azure.10)). For more information about the various ways to host WCF services see [Hosting Services](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/hosting-services.md).
```
